Project should always run on 1 way

Premature optimization doesnt mean write bad code it measn write good code in language like c and then do down like assembly. If you write bad code in an application, you cant just point to 1 single functionality in app, the whole app is bad

Benchmarking language using a simple task is bad it should always compare with big projects

Dont use javascript for measuing performance in microseconds! Javascript engine intentially give wrong time results because of threat of hackers.

Team of google called V8 optimized javascript to run 100 faster, so it run on servers. Are they good or bad guys!
Bun is not in Zig. Yes or no. Javascript is the core

function into a for loop. Big time

Install Arch linux
This is show what computer does at a little lower level and how modular computing enviornment works

Finding things annoy me

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Smart Work

If there is 1 thing that I want tell you, until no one else stay here to listen to me
Smart work not hard work is the dumbest idea ever.
First you do not know what is smart work to implemement it
You learn by reinventing the wheel
Unltimately smart work doesnt mean work less hours

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Side Projects

What side projects do I want build to get a job?
Hold on, that is short sighted question and this is why
When you say something like that goal is so practical that go to point A to point B
but dont live your life, but dont live your life that super hyper practical nature
Shoot for something bit bigger 
How do I became good engineer, better engineer , the best engineer 
try to do something wonderful 
Never Loss that child like nature 
What do children do they shoot for moon 
They dont focus on 1 step 
Dont focus on small steps 
Accompolish something awesome

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Perfection

You made a code then you go back and refactor it ///
Dont make the perfection be the reason of progress